[Self-introduction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qiza0OA1E9w)

---

Hi, my name is Anatoli. In this video I’m gonna tell you a few words about myself, about my experience and the reasons why I’m passionate about programming.
Currently I live in Belarus in a wonderful city of Brest that is in the southwest of my country. Sometime ago I graduated from Baranovichi State University. Since I studied at the faculty of foreign languages, my principal subjects were English and German there. After graduation, I worked in Belarus for 2 years, and then I went to the United States to work on cruise ships. I was a croupier and worked in the multicultural team for almost 5 years. During these 5 years, I visited many countries, met a lot of different nationalities. And yes, I do understand Indian English which is by the way very helpful in programming.
After that I got married and stayed in Belarus, so I work here now.
As for my hobbies, I have some. One of them is programming which takes all my free time, but I really like it and as I have already said, I’m passionate about it. Why have I chosen programming and frontend? The answer is quite trivial – because it’s extremely interesting. It’s not a secret that web technologies are constantly developing and updating, thus you should always explore and learn something new: some new tools, features and technologies. It makes the sphere interesting and relevant. One more reason for choosing frontend is that I have a chance to create amazing and interactive web applications. Another plus is the variety of projects from simple web sites to complex web applications. But the most important advantage that I find in this sphere is that I can see my result right away. So what could be better!? That is why I have chosen frontend and that’s why I study at RS School, the best school ever. It is the best one, because it provides students with relevant knowledge that is in demand in the market. Moreover it offers a lot of interesting projects that give its students a great chance to improve some skills in HTML and CSS and of course Java Script. And I have a feeling that the most interesting projects are just ahead.
So far I’ve done a lot of projects such as adaptive web sites, various games, custom audio player, image gallery and so on.
In conclusion I’d like to say that I hope one day my hobby will turn into the profession and the main occupation in my life and I find myself on a real project. Anyway I’m a goal-seeking and purposeful person, so I’m gonna do everything to make my dream come true.
That’s all what I wanted to say. Thanks for watching this video. Bye-bye!
